Speak if you rebel that who you are
honest and well enter another video
guys
this time I have a good time when I do
video like this
But I 'm here to talk today.
about what he had today, and both
late live broadcast of these missiles
we talk about the two new expansions is
one expansion and the other is collections of
objects, so I'm here with some
information from some
already running in the video I'm going
talk first about the collection of
the sims 3 movie objects that's it
the sims 3 movie stars bring with
3 movies all the brightness and
Hollywood glamor straight to the
cases of your local registration for
unique stories decorations mobile and
clothing inspired by income with
films with distinctive design
So you see the first
Western image looks that time image
beautiful image resolution is good
so you see the clothes well
Beautiful, hair, cool, nice, you, good.
picture frame of success looks only that
Annoying I was commenting a long time
with my colleague that the sims 3 had
of making an object collection contains
your superhero movie clothes from
You do not even do things that already
have my requests
look at the cart and the villain moves me
I also dream but the woman Maria if there is
very beautiful, this clothes also has the
terror are watching there type 1 bi
A dream that is in kind, right?
there you are seeing in another clothes that
It seems coming to the house
I know that a play was not very pretty and
there is another image that I have a woman
fat there's a face there is k if the woman
wonder that she seeks her name from her
but the clothes really cool superhero
there dengue style is successful as well
well cool, I also the trailer
I'm going to let go of it.
I think I'll let the court within not
but anyway if not put the trailer is
passing the video I'll leave the link
I'm down here so you can see right
and the new expansion right
the new inspection before entering
talk about this new expansion
the launch date is hard missions
movie theater
the new collection of 6 series will be
officially launched on September 10
of 2013 then September 10 we already have there
our 9th collection of 100 objects
missile movie or the sims 3 mobz both
does
now entering here to talk about the
new expansion that is the sims 3 for
future exactly into the future
That's it, they see the capita there.
15 guys who russes trip with their
dreams for the future is in progress right?
active portal of time and their mothers
movies to watch more exciting a
the completely new that is
hundreds of years in the future are seeing
the images in an image of a woman
move the team and this is true too
that with joãozinho 2002 do not come to you
her hair everything cute little new things
so is another image that is like this
build a robot is not good or it
took enjoyed the time and also the
Another fall, yes, seems to come
portal looks like it's a future syndrome
coming to the gift one day as soon as
everybody looking wanted to follow jesus
this and has the last image that is the
image of clean robot in the house
so the guy I really want then
very anxiously for your collection of objects
With this expansion the interest I do not like
a lot of collections of objects but I
party of cinema see this show I com
sure I'll buy and we already have a
trailer also in Spanish I think the
spanish it's next three a ciele
future I think the Spaniards already have the
trailer is the same thing I can not
Put it on the video now, I'll leave it to you.
trailer link down there
anything
and on the live they spoke in the snow had
today they talked about these two new
Expansions one day, yes we talk a little
about the sims four we already have one
live and within those four that they
They said that I went on Tuesday the 22nd
August talking about 2004 and not
Just live, they did not say much.
thing is the guarantor
the product was the world's producer
2014 was there talking announced there live
But anyway, it takes a thousand good things there.
same as talking about the new functions
Where are you going to leave and let you know?
also the launch date of the missiles
for the future and to officially launch
on October 22 and then on September 1
I see this guy, that's cool.
in this business month of the year
the first is expensive
That's it, I first came to the cinema and
then I 'll come to the future, okay?
so this is super anxious me
I was very excited about making beer
that bring information to you I
I am very excited part between the
filter guys play from him who saw
You know our going to try that cart there.
different very much show even I liked it
God damn it, and I 'm really sorry too.
anxious for the sims 3 going distance
be too much for a very same show
so this is it people enjoy it too
to ask you that I created a
group there on facebook up playing will
let the customer down toward the
View
Anyone who wants to participate can go there.
interact cause of sines photo make
This game is only meant to act like this.
But that's it folks would have liked
video do not forget the favorites
joining the channel caused 92 years see
in another video how to do it again
videos so informative French
I know a kiss, a hug, and bye